
# HDO4000A

## Instrument Card

HDO4000A oscilloscopes have 4 analog input channels, 12-bit resolution using Teledyne LeCroy’s HD4096 high definition technology, up to 1 GHz of bandwidth and a compact form factor with a large 12.1” multi-touch display. They are ideal for debug and troubleshooting of power electronics designs, digital power management or power integrity analysis, automotive electronics systems, and deeply embedded or mechatronic designs.

<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>

Teledyne LeCroy is an American manufacturer of oscilloscopes, protocol analyzers and other test equipment. LeCroy is now a subsidiary of Teledyne Technologies. <a href="https://www.teledynelecroy.com/">Website</a>.

<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: USA</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): 5458.6</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the HDO4000A in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Instrumentkit

To connect to a HDO4000A Oscilloscope using Instrumentkit, you can use the following code:

```python
import instrumentkit as ik

# Connect to the oscilloscope
oscilloscope = ik.teledyne.MAUI.open_visa("TCPIP0::192.168.0.10::INSTR")

# Perform operations on the oscilloscope
oscilloscope.run()
print(oscilloscope.trigger_state)

# Close the connection
oscilloscope.close()
```

This code imports the `instrumentkit` module and uses the `open_visa` function from the `ik.teledyne.MAUI` module to connect to the oscilloscope. The IP address "192.168.0.10" is used as an example, and you should replace it with the actual IP address of your oscilloscope.

Once connected, you can perform operations on the oscilloscope, such as starting the trigger in automatic mode and printing the trigger state. Finally, you can close the connection to the oscilloscope using the `close` method.

Note: This code assumes that you have already installed the necessary dependencies for Instrumentkit and have the correct VISA backend installed.

